h1. ARTICLE I

h2. Name and Structure

h3. Section 1

This organization shall be known as THE INDUSTRIAL WORKERS OF THE WORLD.

h3. Section 2

The Industrial Workers of the World shall be composed of actual wage workers brought together in a Regional Administration with all the rights and responsibilities entitled by the IWW’s International Guiding Principles and Rules, embodying Industrial Union Branches, General Membership Branches, Industrial Unions, Industrial Departments, and Regional Organizing Committees.

h2. Jurisdiction

h3. Section 3

With respect to the global IWW, this organization constitutes the North American Regional Administration.  The entirety of this constitution shall apply to the territories currently known as Canada, The United States of America (USA), and The United Mexican States (Mexico), and to those IWW members who fall under the jurisdiction of this Regional Administration, according to the IWW’s International Guiding Principles and Rules.

h2. Departments

h3. Section 4

#(type#a) An Industrial Department shall be composed of Industrial Unions in closely kindred industries appropriate for representation in the departmental administration, and assigned thereto by the General Executive Board of the Industrial Workers of the World.
# An Industrial Department shall consist of two or more Industrial Unions aggregating a membership of not less than 20,000 members. The departments shall have supervision over the affairs of the Industrial Unions composing same, provided that all matters concerning the entire membership of the IWW shall be settled by a referendum.
# The Departments shall be designated as follows:
## - Department of Agriculture, Land, Fisheries, and Water Products
## - Department of Mining
## - Department of Construction
## - Department of Manufacturing and General Production 
## - Department of Transportation and Communication
## - Department of Public Service
